Then tell me
How much do you want?
One billion daily salary
One hundred million
Do you think I can afford it?
According to my annual income
Ask you for a daily salary of 100 million.
It's not an exaggeration
But what if you don't want to pay?
It doesn't matter.
Promise me a condition
What kind of condition?
Stay with the story
Impossible why
Gu Zhengting, don't think I have to be you
I can totally find a man to replace you
In fact, it really has to be him
My mom loves him so much
If I tell him I've changed boyfriends
He will also kill me
Never mind.
OK, then I promise you.
I reply to the story
Just pretend to be my boyfriend and listen to me
But you can't tell my mom that you are the richest man in Haicheng
Why? We're so far apart.
If he knew you were the richest man in Haicheng
You will be worried that I will not be well.
Once you enter a wealthy family, it is as deep as the sea, understand?
Do you care about our identity gap?
I don't care that we broke up because you lied to me
When will this hurdle pass forever
Never mind.
You put on your gear and accompany me to the station to pick up my mother
Equip your migrant services